Document app architecture (#161)
toggl/android: Architecture.md

Reducers are classes that implement the `Reducer<State, Action>` interface, while on iOS they are all a single `Reducer` type. We chose to do so on Android to massively simplify Dagger injection.

## Store & State

The `Store` exposes a flow which emits the whole state of the app every time there's a change and a method to dispatch actions that will modify that state.  The `State` is just a struct that contains ALL the state of the application. It also includes the local state of all the specific modules that need local state. More on this later.

The store is built like this:

```kotlin
FlowStore.create(
    initialState = AppState(),
    reducer = reducer,
    dispatcherProvider = dispatcherProvider,
    storeScopeProvider = storeScopeProvider
)
```

actions are dispatched like this:

```kotlin
store.dispatch(AppAction.start)
```

and views can subscribe like this:

```kotlin
store.state
    .onEach { Log.d(tag, "The whole state: \($0)") }
    .launchIn(scope)

// or

store.state
    .map { it.email }
    .onEach { emailTextField.text = it }
    .launchIn(scope)
```

> The store can be "viewed into", which means that we'll treat a generic store as if it was a more specific one which deals with only part of the app state and a subset of the actions. More on STORE VIEWS.

Reviewer: Is `STORE VIEWS` supposed to be a link?

Author: Not really, it should be lower case

}
```

So to dispatch an `OnboardingAction` to a store that takes `AppActions` we would do

```kotlin
store.dispatch(AppAction.Onboading(OnboardingAction.Start))
```

But if the store is a view that takes `OnboardingAction`s we'd do it like this:

```kotlin
store.dispatch(OnboardingAction.Start)
```

## Batching actions

Sometimes we might want to dispatch multiple actions one after another. It might not be efficient to emit state changes after each of of those actions, also it might cause problems with some animations, that's why there's the dispatch method on `Store` that takes a list of actions and executes all of them before emitting the new state. It's worth noting that the state itself will update, so every action will get the updated state, but it won't be emitted outside of the store until all of them are done.

## Reducers & Effects

Reducers are classes that implement the following interface:

```kotlin
interface Reducer<State, Action> {
    fun reduce(state: SettableValue<State>, action: Action): List<Effect<Action>>
}
```

The idea is they take the state and an action and modify the state depending on the action and its payload.

> In order to dispatch actions asynchronously we will use `Effect`s. Reducers return an array of `Effect`s. The store waits for those effects and dispatches whatever action they emit, if any.

Reviewer: Maybe `will` is not needed here, as we are already doing so 🤔

## Pullback

> There will be one app level reducer that gets injected into the store. This reducer will take the whole `AppState` and the complete set of `AppActions`. 

Reviewer: This (whole section and the next sections) too would read better in present tense, IMO.

```kotlin
class PullbackReducer<LocalState, GlobalState, LocalAction, GlobalAction>(
    private val innerReducer: Reducer<LocalState, LocalAction>,
    private val mapToLocalState: (GlobalState) -> LocalState,
    private val mapToLocalAction: (GlobalAction) -> LocalAction?,
    private val mapToGlobalState: (GlobalState, LocalState) -> GlobalState,
    private val mapToGlobalAction: (LocalAction) -> GlobalAction
) : Reducer<GlobalState, GlobalAction> {
    override fun reduce(
        state: SettableValue<GlobalState>,
        action: GlobalAction
    ): List<Effect<GlobalAction>> {
        val localAction = mapToLocalAction(action)
            ?: return noEffect()

        return innerReducer
            .reduce(state.map(mapToLocalState, mapToGlobalState), localAction)
            .map { effect -> effect.map { action -> action?.run(mapToGlobalAction) } }
    }
}
```

After we've transformed the reducer we can use `combine` to merge it with other reducers to create one single reducer that will be injected into the store.

## Store Views

> Similarly to reducers and pullback, the store it self can be "mapped" into a specific type of store that only holds some part of the state and only handles some subset of actions. Only this operation is not exactly "map", so it's called `view`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly to reducers and pullback, the store itself can be "mapped" into a specific type of store that only holds some part of the state and only handles some subset of actions. Only this operation is not exactly "map", so it's called `view`.
```
